<h1 align="center">HierarquicalMultiView</h1>

<h6><p align="justify">Research Project: Hierarchical Grouping and Multivision of Events through Consistency Graphs, coordinated by Prof. Dr. Ricardo Marcondes Marcaccini.</p></h6>

<p align="justify">Event analysis has recently received attention due to the popularization of web platforms for publishing content, especially news portals, social networks, blogs and forums. These platforms store events through texts about various sectors of society and can be seen as a digital representation (virtual world) of events that occur in our real world. Thus, event clustering is an important task to organize and map the events of this virtual world to our physical world, which allows the realization of various social, political and economic studies. This work presents an approach for hierarchical and multi-view clustering of events extracted from texts. The different information about the events, such as textual information, temporal information and geographic information, are considered different views during the clustering task. While existing approaches require the user to define parameters on how to use temporal and geographic information in event clustering, the proposed approach allows the automatic learning of time and location constraints. To this end, a structure called consistency graph was proposed that represents the consensus of clustering between the different views. An experimental evaluation with eight sets of benchmark events revealed that the proposed approach is superior to the approach traditionally used in the area, also presenting the advantage of allowing the visualization of the relationships between events through the consistency graph.</p>

<h3 align="justify">More Informations</h3>
<p align="justify">The work was carried out in 2018 and developed in the Java programming language. For more information about the project, you can access the publication proceedings of kdmile 2018, follow the links below:</p>

<p align="justify"><a href="https://sol.sbc.org.br/index.php/kdmile/article/view/27397/27211">Paper</a></p>
<p align="justify"><a href="https://sol.sbc.org.br/index.php/kdmile/issue/view/1214">Kdmile 2018</a></p>
